Hi everybody and welcome back in this lecture we're going to look at handling the 0 division error.
So as we all know we can't divide a number by zero but let's give it a try anyway.
So what we have in this lecture let's print.
Here we go here.
Print 5 divided by zero OK.
Let's run this and see what we get.
We get an error.
OK.
At least that's what we wanted.
The error reported is a zero division error.
And you can see that here Zero Division.
Division by zero.
And this is an exception object pite and creates this kind of object in response to a situation where
it can't do what we ask it to do.
We can use this information to modify our program.
We are told heighten what to do when this kind of exception occurs.
Which means that if it were to happen again we would be prepared in the next lecture.
We're look at handling this one a try except luck.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.